Mary Kastner: Hello.
Mary Kastner: Your audio and video are not connected
Mary Kastner: Connect your video and your audio.
Ken O: Whoa.
Mary Kastner: Hi, your video is not
Ken O: Always on now, I screwed up.
Ken O: I got half your face.
Mary Kastner: Oh, you got half my face.
Mary Kastner: Okay, now
Mary Kastner: How about your video. Can you get your video on
Mary Kastner: Super. You got it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, we are in the modern era.
Yes.
Mary Kastner: I'm sorry.
Mary Kastner: Mary Kastner I'm a nurse practitioner psychiatry and your can and this is your first time doing a zoom platform.
Mary Kastner: For treatment. Okay, good.
Ken O: Oh no, first time with that character.
Mary Kastner: Yeah for treatment in general.
Ken O: Yeah.
Ken O: It is, yeah.
Ken O: Okay. Oh, what do you mean on zoom. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, so tell us what you can, we can do for you today.
Ken O: Well I prescribed Seroquel right
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Ken O: And I take it for sleep mainly
Ken O: And I started on 25 milligrams, I'm already at 300 I've been taking your time.
Ken O: And
Ken O: I've been trying to get off it, but
Ken O: I take 400 milligrams at night, but it doesn't knock me out really just, I've been freaking pills and have taken like one half.
Ken O: Just to get some regular sleep. And I tried the camera multi trade.
Ken O: I've had problems sleeping from so the kid.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so how, what is the dosage on the pill that you're taking
Ken O: 300
Mary Kastner: So you take one and a half of those
Ken O: Sometimes, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Well, that's a pretty high dose for sleep.
Ken O: Are they giving it
Mary Kastner: To you for any other reason.
Ken O: They said I would, you know, I've been diagnosed bipolar. But I don't think I am. I think I'm just
You know,
Ken O: Once I get through sleep. I'm fine. You know,
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: Did you get last night.
A couple
Mary Kastner: What, what does that mean
Ken O: Maybe three or four
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what time do you go to bed.
Ken O: About
Ken O: 3011
Mary Kastner: And what time did you fall asleep.
Ken O: Around 1130
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then, what time do you wake up.
Ken O: To 10
Mary Kastner: And you stayed up after that.
Ken O: No, I took another half and laid down for another hour
Mary Kastner: Okay, so then you took another half and then you slept for
Ken O: My way our
Mary Kastner: Two 330
Ken O: I took it to. I woke up at 210 I took another one around 230 I think I fell asleep around 330 got about
Ken O: Five.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so it's broken sleep.
Ken O: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Do you ever have racing thoughts.
Korea.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: ever speak real fast. So it's hard to understand you.
Ken O: Don't think so.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Ever have thoughts that people are following you. Some paranoia.
Ken O: No.
Mary Kastner: No any
Mary Kastner: Any
Mary Kastner: Hallucinations or you see things or hear things
Ken O: I feel a lot of fat. Oh, that's kind of weird. I see fellows and
Ken O: Like, like you say, like, somebody has an aura.
Ken O: But I just I just like
Ken O: I looked at a painting or on a wall or something on the wall.
Ken O: Weird
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And any thoughts at the TV has special messages or people can read your mind.
Mary Kastner: Ever do things impulsively like spend money, you don't have or be hypersexual
Ken O: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how's your mood today. Are you depressed, anxious
Mary Kastner: Whoa, okay, well, so where would you rate your depression if 10 was the highest worst depression, you've ever had. Where would you rate it today.
Mary Kastner: For. And how about anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And I see that you did.
Mary Kastner: A SCREENING here and your audit. See, which is your alcohol questions around alcohol is a big issue.
Mary Kastner: Are you an alcoholic.
Ken O: I was well yeah yeah okay yeah
Mary Kastner: Okay. So how long have you been drinking in your life.
Ken O: Or former like probably 2021 on it off all my life.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what's the highest amount you've ever had in one one set setting, you know,
Ken O: I probably like a true
Mary Kastner: So as beer mainly that you're drinking
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And one time sitting, you could drink beers.
Ken O: Well, yeah.
Ken O: I mean, you know,
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And what's it ounce of the beers. I, they can
Mary Kastner: Yeah 12 1212 ounce cans.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any, any other alcohol.
Ken O: Like yeah yeah but I don't really care for it.
Mary Kastner: Okay. When's the last time you had a drink.
Ken O: 53 days ago.
Mary Kastner: Did you go into residential treatment.
Ken O: No, no, I just joined a on my own and I
Ken O: Have a sponsor and
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Ken O: On 12 step and all the way and
Ken O: I really liked it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good. Have you ever been in mandated treatment.
Ken O: Mandated yeah
Mary Kastner: By the court said you had to be in treatment.
Ken O: Well, yeah, I'm kind of embarrassing, but I got a CPS thing going on over me and me and my ex.
Ken O: Having a scuffle.
Ken O: And she called the cops and
Ken O: Long story short, they said, I need to go to a three day treatment program in or C. My daughter or something like that, I get a 30 day program.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. Okay, when was that
Mary Kastner: Okay, what helped you stop this time what what motivated you
Ken O: Help it
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: What are those what
Ken O: I had a stent put in
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Ken O: Yeah.
Ken O: And that was a kind of a wake up call for me.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Me.
Ken O: Yeah, I mean I was drinking, but
Ken O: I just, I'm done.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Ken O: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. Any other substances like cocaine methamphetamine.
Ken O: No, I was younger. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: When's the last time you used any of those
Ken O: 20 years
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Did you have a problem with them.
Ken O: I got math. I had, I had a problem with math.
Ken O: So smoke. I started smoking it and
Ken O: I just lost my mind for about
Ken O: Six months.
Ken O: And but that was a long time ago and
Ken O: You know, as a very powerful addictive drug
Mary Kastner: Yes, it is.
Ken O: Yes, it is. It got me pretty good.
And
Ken O: I don't have no desire to do any
Mary Kastner: That kind of crap anymore. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how about tobacco.
Mary Kastner: Smoke. Don't let you smoke.
Ken O: A PACK A DAY.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any other substances marijuana
Mary Kastner: No, okay. No.
Ken O: No, I love it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you're here today to figure out the sleep issue.
Yes.
Mary Kastner: So one of the things going on is nicotine.
Mary Kastner: can disrupt your sleep. It's stimulant actually
Mary Kastner: The other thing is, years of alcohol, you probably experienced insomnia with drinking alcohol.
Mary Kastner: It sort of sedate you to get you to sleep, but then workshop right up because the brain is screaming for
Mary Kastner: Glucose
Mary Kastner: As long as you have UC alcohol. It may take you that long.
Mary Kastner: To get your sleep back to normal.
Mary Kastner: I hate to tell you
Mary Kastner: I do think you probably do have bipolar depression.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Probably we should try something else besides this the Seroquel because it's obviously not working at a high dose.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So what I'm going to do is just suggest a few things to you one would be, do you have any medical problems like with your thyroid or your kidneys.
Mary Kastner: No.
Ken O: I got checked out. Everything's fine. Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: One would be a simple thing like lithium.
Mary Kastner: It's a mineral that we have in our bodies, naturally, it's the number 33 and mineral on the periodic table. I'm the best antidepressant in the works workshop
Mary Kastner: The thing with lithium. We have to get your blood taken
Mary Kastner: Initially, probably in the first week and then and another two weeks and then after that, it's about once every quarter.
Mary Kastner: And what we're doing is looking at the level to see if it's in the right therapeutic range and make sure your kidneys are processing it. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you still working.
Ken O: Not right now. No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, because then when it gets hot, you have to watch it with lithium if
Mary Kastner: You know anything. Is there anything else besides that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's just number one.
Mary Kastner: Number two, we could do something like
Mary Kastner: Dive our Pro X. It's a anti-convulsants that we use for bipolar disorder.
Mary Kastner: It increases the
Mary Kastner: Glutamate in your in your know chemistry, which is sort of the quieting neural chemical and another thing, it's
Mary Kastner: Newer on the market is another anti psychotic or major tranquilizer like the Seroquel
Mary Kastner: Seroquel is an anti psychotic and major tranquilizer.
Mary Kastner: And it's called lead to de
Ken O: Or
Mary Kastner: And it also is pretty good for depression.
Mary Kastner: So,
Ken O: You take a look today at night.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You can start that you could start to lower the Seroquel
Mary Kastner: And basically run two major tranquilizers.
Mary Kastner: Should help you with sleep.
Mary Kastner: Oh, should help you with seeing the shadows and the racing thoughts bullshit.
Ken O: Can I ask you something.
Ken O: Like seeing the shadows and stuff like that. Have you heard of that before.
Mary Kastner: Yes.
Ken O: I mean, what does that. I mean, that's just
Ken O: It blows me away because
Ken O: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: It's also almost a hidden a Gaga illusion.
Ken O: Weird
Mary Kastner: It is weird. It is
Mary Kastner: Not a true hallucination. It's almost hip no Gaga, meaning you're not getting enough sleep, and you're seeing things.
Well,
Ken O: Okay, okay, I'll say one other thing.
Ken O: I had, I had a broken nose for a long, long, long time.
Ken O: Right, I broke my nose. My the kid and I never got it fixed. Right.
Ken O: And then
Ken O: Finally, I found a doctor, I went to a sleep lab and everything and edit work. I walked out of there. That was crazy. But ever since they fix my nose. I can breathe again, you know, it's amazing how just getting your nose fixed and breathing again.
Mary Kastner: When did you get your nose fixed
Ken O: A couple years ago.
Mary Kastner: And you did you start sleeping better
Ken O: Yeah.
Ken O: Yeah. Yeah, I would. I mean, because I realized that I mean
Ken O: Every night of my life every day of my life. I was fighting for, you know,
Mary Kastner: Great. Yeah.
Well,
Mary Kastner: When you do wake up at night like you did it to 10 this morning you wake up coughing and choking.
Know,
Ken O: you snore. I don't know.
Ken O: I don't, I don't think so. No, I've never been told a snore.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Well, having a history of a deviated septum like that. Um, can you know make me think a little bit about sleep apnea.
Mary Kastner: Usually the symptoms of that are extreme fatigue during the day. I mean, you sit down in a chair you fall asleep.
Ken O: Well, I don't. I've never been able to
Ken O: Elaborate take me, trust me. I don't know if I
Ken O: Fall Asleep like that as
Ken O: I gotta fight.
Mary Kastner: Okay, there you go. Um, and waking up several times during the night, usually coughing and choking.
Mary Kastner: So think about it. You next time you're into the
Mary Kastner: To the medical doctor, you could ask if if he thinks you should get a sleep apnea test.
Ken O: Would that would that involve the sleep lab.
Mary Kastner: Well, when I did mine. I got a little machine to take home.
Ken O: With you I toss and turn
Ken O: Well, that's another
Mary Kastner: That's another sign, you know, and this the what they did. I think it was a risk thing that I had to wear
Mary Kastner: Then you take the
Mary Kastner: Machine and then they read. Read it, and tell you whether you have it. And if it's mild or moderate or severe
Mary Kastner: If you do have it you do wind up wearing an apparatus to sleep. Some of them are very uncomfortable. Some of them, you know, you just get used to it. I have a nose thing that just kind of goes like this, it's not
Mary Kastner: You know my mouth is free. So it's just over the nose. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: My husband has to have a
Mary Kastner: Thing like this looks like alfalfa keeps his mouth shut. At night, so he's not blubbering. You know, so he has actually two apparatuses but we can't even take a nap without them because you get so used to sleeping with them. I mean, you'll find it, you can't sleep without them.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so let me just let you kind of chew on those possibilities.
Mary Kastner: Okay, well, a
Ken O: breather was living in today. And every one.
Mary Kastner: Of our products and convulsing
Ken O: Know what's that number three.
Mary Kastner: That it. That's the second one I mentioned that
Mary Kastner: Works on the glutamate.
Ken O: Okay, what it, what it is. I've taken something Pam or
Mary Kastner: Pamela
Ken O: lorazepam
Mary Kastner: Oh, lorazepam yeah those are direct dial.
Ken O: Or the are those sleep aid.
Mary Kastner: No.
Mary Kastner: No, they're anti anxiety pills that
Mary Kastner: Are minor tranquilizers where what you're on now as a major tranquilizer. And the minor ones actually very addicting.
Ken O: Okay, okay. I figured
Ken O: That's good. I don't want to take them. I just know before and I slept I slept better with them. But if they're that link decal I don't want them.
Ken O: Okay.
Mary Kastner: No, we wouldn't give them for sleep ever
Ken O: Okay. Good. All right.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um,
Ken O: Well, I'll take the liquid in it.
Mary Kastner: You might try to look at it. Okay, so let me just finish this, what we call intake.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: This is I'm going to talk a little bit into the recording because I have a transcriptionist it's going to write this down for us.
Ken O: Oh, yeah.
Mary Kastner: So this is Kenneth Olson young you're calling from Citrus Heights, is that correct
Ken O: That is correct.
Mary Kastner: And you're here to figure out your sleep, you've been diagnosed bipolar when what year was that that they diagnosed you with by
Ken O: 1212 ish
Mary Kastner: And were you having any different symptoms, then
Ken O: Can you can you improvise on that just the hair. What do you mean
Mary Kastner: What what made them think you were bipolar.
Ken O: I'm not sure. I don't know. You know, it only took them five minutes.
Ken O: I was in a county
Ken O: To County.
Ken O: That house. I'm sorry to you that whatever you call it the county
Ken O: County.
Ken O: psych ward and the doctor. I didn't even
Ken O: I don't think even spoke English
Mary Kastner: And when you. Why did you go into County.
Ken O: sideboard, um,
Ken O: I guess they thought I was actually I think they thought I was suicidal, but
Ken O: I don't you know
Ken O: I don't know. I would just go do a hard time
Ken O: You know, and
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever made a suicide attempt.
Ken O: Know, no, no.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any thoughts about that now.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Ken O: Okay, so the anxiety about sleep and all that. Just write me. Okay.
Ken O: The coronavirus
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah, there you go.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, right now, your main concern is your sleep.
Mary Kastner: Now that's what you're here for to figure out
Mary Kastner: What we can do you have a history of being diagnosed very briefly.
Mary Kastner: In an assessment by a psychiatrist in 2012 when you are hospitalized for
Mary Kastner: what they thought was suicidal.
Ken O: I lost. I kind of lost it, put it
Ken O: That way I was under so much bad things were happening to me. I could take place. I was drinking
Mary Kastner: Time okay for drinking and feeling like he quote lost it.
Ken O: Was there. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: What did you do when you lost it. What does that mean,
Ken O: I would drink kill it. I was completely stupid and
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Ken O: Just I think everybody around me knew
Ken O: Something wrong with me that was
Mary Kastner: Just that wasn't me anymore. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So erratic behavior.
Ken O: under the influence of alcohol. Okay.
Ken O: I can't remember what I was doing.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and he does endorse racing thoughts at times he sees shadows around objects is depression is five out of 10 anxiety five out attend today.
Mary Kastner: What we promoted him to stop abuse of alcohol was a stent.
Mary Kastner: And when did you have the stent.
Ken O: February 15
Mary Kastner: Of this year. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Currently, his sleep is erratic at most three to four hours that night last night. He went to bed at 11 could fall asleep at 1130 but waked woke it to 10 and took another
Mary Kastner: Hundred and 50 milligrams, for a total of 450 milligrams of Seroquel then he could fall back asleep 330 to five.
Mary Kastner: He has a long history of alcohol use, including abuse up to 18 pet 12 ounce cans in one sitting and occasional blocker. He's been sober for 53 days and he's in a currently with a sponsor.
Mary Kastner: He had a mandated treatment with a child protective services.
Mary Kastner: Concern in a 30 day program in 2012
Mary Kastner: He's currently smoking tobacco one pack a day in his youth he had cocaine methamphetamine.
Mary Kastner: Abuse with a more of a problem with the methamphetamine, but this has been many years ago is audit see is 28 Destin is nine.
Mary Kastner: Is there any other time you were in residential or inpatient treatment.
Ken O: I did a Christian faith based
Ken O: Program for five months.
Mary Kastner: Okay, when was that
Ken O: See again 2012
Ken O: Yeah, that's the year i just i
Ken O: I tell you that year was the worst year of my life.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, we all have had those years you know I
Got
Ken O: There, I thought I would never pull out of it.
Mary Kastner: Well, you did, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Or you want any other medications, besides the Seroquel
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Could you tell me what they are.
OK.
Mary Kastner: OK.
Mary Kastner: Ok tour Bastien Uh huh.
Ken O: Yeah, there you go.
Ken O: Aspirin 81 milligrams
Ken O: Club. The club a dodger rule Plavix WebEx.
Mary Kastner: Plavix okay
Ken O: I top roll. Let's
Mary Kastner: Roll the TOEFL.
Mary Kastner: never considered name.
Ken O: And printer bill.
Okay.
Ken O: I take back within
Ken O: Okay 10 milligrams. And that's it.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: No vitamins.
Mary Kastner: No vitamins you take any vitamins.
Ken O: About this stuff well
Mary Kastner: As
Mary Kastner: A mitigation for your heart is it folic acid is that
Mary Kastner: Yes. Yes. Are you taking folic acid.
Ken O: I took it for 30 days.
Mary Kastner: That's good information 30 days of folic acid. Okay.
Ken O: Yeah, I don't have a refill on it. So, okay.
Mary Kastner: And then how about
Mary Kastner: Anything else for vitamin
Ken O: I think you know what, just the other day I got krill oil.
Ken O: I was looking up stuff, you know,
Ken O: A real
Ken O: Oil that good.
Mary Kastner: Anything else over the counter that you might take
Ken O: This crude oil.
Mary Kastner: You know, I would ask my cardiologist, because some of those things can send your blood.
Mary Kastner: And you might want to ask if that's okay cuz I'm not sure about that.
Mary Kastner: Okay. But anything else over the counter.
Ken O: Or drink green tea.
Mary Kastner: Okay, that's good. And how about
Mary Kastner: How about Simon
Ken O: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. So Simon, you should be on
Mary Kastner: folic acid, you should be on. So I'm going to order both of those.
Ken O: Okay, good. Cuz I did. Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Okay um there, they just start neuroprotective they protect your brain cells after the heavy bout of alcohol misuse.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. Um, so, mental status. I'm Ken was here on time. He's casually dressed. He's very attentive good eye contact, you get yourself dress get into the shower do all that yourself. Right.
Ken O: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, is functionally independent. Do you know today's date.
Ken O: I'm cheating because I got a calendar in front of me.
Ken O: I got my calendar, full of little notes. I've been doing that since you know
Ken O: Yeah, so that's a good thing to do.
Mary Kastner: Well, he's oriented. Let's put it that way.
Mary Kastner: Okay. By that, do you mean you have to have things ordered in a certain way or
Ken O: No, I just don't like I have my ex was at my actually to drive me crazy. So I just, I like to just be clean and
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. Molly.
Mary Kastner: You Don't obsess over that issue. Do you were you
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I think that happened. Straighten that
Ken O: Out as I used to be.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay. A little OCD tendencies, but not much.
Ken O: Yeah. Well, I think that's a good thing.
Mary Kastner: I do too.
Ken O: And some people I don't feel some people can live until now and
Ken O: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how do you think your memory is
Ken O: Coming back
Mary Kastner: Good statement, but has been poor but is improving. Now with it sobriety.
Mary Kastner: You. And how about focus and concentration. Can you read a book.
Ken O: You know, there's good days and bad days with that because we do a lot of reading it a
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Ken O: And like I said, you know, my eyes are playing tricks on me a little bit, and the comprehension thing depends what kind of state anxiety I have I have high anxiety. I can't read. I can read something
Ken O: And it just won't click. But if I'm okay and mellow. It'll get it, it'll absorb but
Ken O: When I'm stressed out.
Mary Kastner: So there can be some focusing concentration issues dependent on mood.
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay and your mood is
Mary Kastner: Moderately depressed and anxious anxiety over you know getting sleep get always kind of anxiety probably before you go to bed to get
Mary Kastner: To sleep.
Mary Kastner: And then this coven
Mary Kastner: What would you call it pandemic.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm up here, you stated a Jew well groomed normal habit speech rate and volume coherent and normal thought process appropriate for age development normal content logical nine tangential
Mary Kastner: There have been these hip no Gaga illusions around sort of an Illuminati nation around objects, but no symptoms of paranoia and over hallucination insight and self reflection on today's issues noted this normal
Mary Kastner: past medical history. I just kind of want to go through that a little bit with you.
Mary Kastner: So do you have any trouble with your vision.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Tell me about it.
Ken O: Like the shadow thing.
Ken O: I guess you could call I can't see far away or
Mary Kastner: Okay, some
Mary Kastner: Some. What would you call it.
Ken O: I I need glasses. Sometimes the rain, but not all the time. I don't know. I don't
Ken O: What was the question again. I'm sorry.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your vision.
Ken O: Yeah, the shadow thing. That's the main thing.
Mary Kastner: That's the main thing. Okay, you don't wear glasses.
Ken O: Sometimes, sometimes, but
Never
Mary Kastner: Ever had a head injury.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Tell me about that.
Ken O: I got hit by a car when I was 13 and
Ken O: A cracked the back of my skull open and I had a lump on my forehead, the size of a, I want to say grapefruit, but more like a lemon and then I broke my nose. And then my braces stuck to the top of my mouth.
Mary Kastner: Oh my God, will you a
Mary Kastner: Pat pedestrian
Yes.
Ken O: Yeah.
Okay.
Ken O: If they told me I'd have problems when I got older. Hell, the thing to tell 13 year old, but
Mary Kastner: Sure, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Did you lose consciousness.
Ken O: For about five seconds.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever had a seizure.
Ken O: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how about any trouble with your hearing.
Ken O: Tonight, if I lost 60% of my hair.
Ken O: Okay, my ears room.
Mary Kastner: And how do you deal with that.
Ken O: Um. When it first happened.
Ken O: How do I deal with it. I just deal with it. And I just like, Okay, I'm kind of used to it now.
Mary Kastner: Know,
Ken O: Like right now, it's not doing it. But, you know, I'll just be sitting here, all of a sudden, there it is, you know,
You know,
Mary Kastner: Some people played music
Ken O: Doesn't that doesn't work.
Mary Kastner: That doesn't work for you.
Ken O: Know. Well, yeah, but I mean I'm just used to it.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's not, and they can't do anything for you with that. Do you know what cause that
Ken O: I don't know, maybe the loud music King. When I was a kid.
Ken O: Uh huh, your headphones and loud I played, you know, allow the car headphone
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, any trouble swallowing any trouble with your mouth or your teeth.
Ken O: No, like, except that I don't have hardly any left
Mary Kastner: So your
Ken O: Time I will work.
Ken O: I wear this right here on a retainer or what he called bridge.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Ken O: Yeah. And then I have, I probably have about half my key lesson.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And any trouble. You said your nose is much you can breathe better now. So there's really no residual nodes problems.
Ken O: No, no.
Okay.
Ken O: And
Mary Kastner: You recently had a stent put in
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. Any other problems. High blood pressure to irregular heart rate.
Ken O: It's when a, you know, when I was drinking. I go to the doctor and if I drank a lot. The night before we up
Ken O: Okay, but when I don't drink. It's normal.
Mary Kastner: Normal any trouble with your lungs Bronc frequent bronchitis pneumonia.
Mary Kastner: Know,
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with
Mary Kastner: With your stomach ulcers.
Mary Kastner: liver problems. Have you had your liver enzymes checked.
Ken O: Yeah, and
Mary Kastner: What it did find out
Ken O: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your kidneys.
Mary Kastner: Kidney stones and continents frequent urinary tract infections.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Any STDs hepatitis tuberculosis.
Mary Kastner: Any kinds of infections HIV.
Ken O: Know,
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your bones or joints.
Ken O: I had to do surgery on my knee, left knee and my shoulder. I had shoulder surgery on my left shoulder bother me. They bothered me sometimes.
Mary Kastner: You need surgery on your left knee or you had it.
Ken O: I had it.
Mary Kastner: OK, Jerry replacement
Ken O: No, no, they cleaned it up below.
Mary Kastner: It, but it's still painful.
Ken O: It gets it bugs me. So it just lets me know it's there, you know,
Mary Kastner: And you had the surgery on your shoulder.
Ken O: Yeah, my left shoulder, my left knee.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And any trouble with your skin, muscles.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. You need me is trouble diabetes thyroid problems.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so what I'm going to do is stop here when I see you again, we're going to
Mary Kastner: We're going to
Mary Kastner: Kind of finish up with this initial exam.
Mary Kastner: But my any other surgeries, other than what you mentioned, the nose, the shoulder, the knee.
Ken O: My arm when I got hit by a car I broke a lot of bones.
Ken O: But I don't know, but that was to 1983
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Ken O: So I broke my toes, my legs my arms.
Mary Kastner: My
Ken O: Poor thing.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so, um,
Mary Kastner: Any family history of medical or psychiatric problems.
Yes.
Mary Kastner: Tell me a little bit about that.
Ken O: My oldest brother is he had shock treatment.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Ken O: And He's uh, he's in bad bad shape. I mean, he's got mental, physical problems. He can't work he's
Ken O: You know he he met his wife in the psychiatric
Ken O: Psychiatry board or we call it
Ken O: I mean, he's, he's pretty out there when you mentioned lithium. I kind of cringe, because I bet they put him on lithium investment, he takes probably, I don't know, I've never seen someone fills my life.
Ken O: Then my other brother and
Ken O: He
Ken O: Okay, so my
Mary Kastner: Okay, so, um, my diagnosis again is bipolar. Um, I would say one depressed.
Mary Kastner: Ember to alcohol dependence in new recent remission and we're going to start lead to death.
Mary Kastner: And I'll get that in for you to go to Walgreens.
Ken O: Walmart.
Mary Kastner: Walmart at the Antelope road.
Ken O: Yes, ma'am.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And so I'll get that in as soon as I get done with these patients today.
Mary Kastner: We also need to get into thymine. It's 100 milligrams daily and folic acid 1 million
Mary Kastner: I don't know if it's a milligram per unit
Ken O: So these are vitamins.
Mary Kastner: Vitamins to just help your brain hail from the alcohol.
Ken O: You know, here's a funny thing my brother takes Flintstone vitamins.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Ken O: I mean those good for adults.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Ken O: Yeah, please.
Ken O: Say hi to him.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And then could you see me. We have a mental health group you're welcome to attend at seven o'clock on Monday.
Ken O: Evenings yeah
Mary Kastner: You would check in at 645
Ken O: Okay. Oh, what
Mary Kastner: Are you what room to go to
Ken O: Okay, look, I got a whole I got a scratch pad here. I've been working on. Hold on.
Ken O: Okay. Tonight, tonight.
Mary Kastner: Tonight it's you can come tonight, but for sure come next week, I'll be there next week.
Ken O: Okay tonight. Alright, so this Monday that seven
Mary Kastner: Mondays at seven but you call the front desk at 645 and they'll tell you the room number
Ken O: Okay, well,
Mary Kastner: And then I'll just check in and how you did with the lead to the next Monday night.
Ken O: Monday night, so I'm gonna have to you my lead like seven now.
Mary Kastner: Right.
Ken O: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Or okay okay he was nice to meet you. You were very good historian and we pretty much finished our intake. I just have a few things to ask you a little bit about your social history which is
Mary Kastner: Probably already in here.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Ken O: My life.
Mary Kastner: Thank you. Thank you can
Ken O: Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Ken O: Bye, Mary.
Ken O: Oh,
Ken O: Well,
Mary Kastner: Yes, I'm here. Can you
Ken O: See my computer is gonna be in tonight today.
Mary Kastner: Yes.
Mary Kastner: not not not right.
Mary Kastner: Now, but I'll get it in. But this morning, sometime
Ken O: I really appreciate your help. I really appreciate
Mary Kastner: You, you're welcome.
Ken O: Thank you, bye bye take
Mary Kastner: Take care.
Mary Kastner: Sydney
Sydney Kent: Hi. So sorry.
Mary Kastner: Hi, how are you
Sydney Kent: I'm good.
Good.
Sydney Kent: Sorry about that.
Mary Kastner: Sydney your video is not on
Sydney Kent: Okay. All right.
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Sydney Kent: Sorry, so I was like a little early. And I guess I'm a little late. No.
Mary Kastner: No, you were, you were on time. It's just that I was finishing up with another page.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good. Okay, great. I can see well
Mary Kastner: Is this our first time to meet
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: You were gonna we were going to meet on March 30 but
Mary Kastner: You didn't come or something.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I totally forgot because I'm so far out.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so that, um, anyway, I'm Mary Kastner
Mary Kastner: Gosh, it's April already
Mary Kastner: I'm a nurse practitioner in psychiatry.
Mary Kastner: And it looks like Dr. Jamison referred you
Sydney Kent: Yes.
Mary Kastner: What, what did she want what what do you need from me today.
Sydney Kent: I think she says something about an assessment.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And why do you think she wants you to have an assessment.
And
Mary Kastner: You don't know.
Sydney Kent: I don't know. She just said a serious schedule it
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah. How's your mood.
Sydney Kent: I'm to the question. Ah.
Sydney Kent: Well, it's
Sydney Kent: It's not all that great. I mean, I have good days me. I don't know. I'm very emotional at times.
Sydney Kent: It's kind of a challenge because I have a girlfriend and you're just kind of getting tired of it. And I was trying to figure out what's going on.
Mary Kastner: So you're in a relationship with a girlfriend who is getting a little tired of your emotional
Mary Kastner: Yeah, merry go round huh
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and so did she asked you to to get some help, or
Sydney Kent: Um, no. I kind of
Sydney Kent: Saw that myself.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good, good.
Mary Kastner: So how's your mood today.
Sydney Kent: That's good considering that's really
Mary Kastner: Good.
Sydney Kent: Know,
Mary Kastner: So are you depressed at all.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I'd say so.
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: So 10
Mary Kastner: Always never had, where are you today.
Sydney Kent: I mean, I hope maybe like a three. It's not that bad today.
Mary Kastner: Not that bad today. How about anxiety.
Sydney Kent: Oh, no, no. Is it
Mary Kastner: No anxiety. Good.
Mary Kastner: How worse is his your depression garden.
Sydney Kent: Oh my gosh, it was so bad that I actually jumped in front of a car.
Sydney Kent: It was
Sydney Kent: Like a month ago.
Mary Kastner: Wow, did you want to kill yourself.
Mary Kastner: All the time. You really did.
Sydney Kent: It was like, I don't know. Yes. No.
Sydney Kent: Is that I did that, like junky car like a
Mary Kastner: Sort of an impulsive thing.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Have you been kind of impulsive in your life.
Sydney Kent: Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Really, tell me what that means to you.
Sydney Kent: Um, I just, I don't know. That means acting without thinking like
Sydney Kent: You know, I got in trouble with the law because I was acting without thinking, basically. And, you know, I've had a lot of problems.
Mary Kastner: What kind of legal problems did you get into
Sydney Kent: Um, well, I got a you know that possession charge and that and forgery. I don't need a
Mary Kastner: Forgery and driving fast.
Sydney Kent: I don't need that new I
Mary Kastner: What do you think makes you impulsive.
Sydney Kent: Honestly, I don't know. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you ever get panic attacks.
Sydney Kent: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: What are they like
Sydney Kent: And it's like, I feel like the world's coming to an end. Basically, I can't breathe. I can't really
Sydney Kent: Cashman gross.
Sydney Kent: Just like panic.
Mary Kastner: How often does that happen.
Sydney Kent: It hasn't happened in a while, but it used to be. EVERYBODY LIKE.
Sydney Kent: Every, every other week, I think.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Is there anything that triggers that
Sydney Kent: Stress
What
Sydney Kent: I guess getting out like that.
Sydney Kent: Oh, no.
Mary Kastner: You don't know like
Sydney Kent: Like, I guess my get into like a arguments or something.
Mary Kastner: Do you get in arguments with your girlfriend.
Sydney Kent: Not anymore. No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: What's keeping that from happening.
Sydney Kent: Uh,
Sydney Kent: I don't know.
Mary Kastner: What you used to get an argument. So something changed.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, we had a talk the other day and just told me I need to work on my impulse
You know,
Sydney Kent: Not thinking about me all the time.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your sleep.
Sydney Kent: Not lately. I used to have super office every night but ever since I did the binder obese every night. I haven't had any episodes.
Mary Kastner: Okay episodes of what
Sydney Kent: Sue paralysis or night terrors.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. Sick terrorists and that stopped.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. Have you been traumatized some way
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You tell me a little bit about that.
Sydney Kent: Oh my gosh, that's like more sexual trauma.
Okay.
Sydney Kent: I wasn't abusive relationship for for
Sydney Kent: For this
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: And are you using a new substances of innovating. No. No. Okay. And how much are you basing
Sydney Kent: A lot
Mary Kastner: A lot, pretty much.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Like tenuously continuously but I how quit smoking, like I used to.
Sydney Kent: Like a month ago, I'd be something like a half a pack a day and then now. It started one and then now none.
Mary Kastner: Good industry a pep nicotine.
Mary Kastner: At how much nicotine. Do you know
Sydney Kent: Right now it's experiment start going down.
Mary Kastner: Right now what
Sydney Kent: Right now it's a six milligrams
Mary Kastner: And you're going to go down you plan on going down.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay and then you're seeing doctor Jamison for what
Sydney Kent: For
Sydney Kent: opioid use disorder.
Mary Kastner: For well
Sydney Kent: For my opioid use disorder.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and no opioids are you on in buprenorphine.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Suboxone okay and you're taking it, how often
Sydney Kent: I take to twice a day.
Mary Kastner: Okay to twice a day to eight to. Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Do you have chronic pain.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I do.
Mary Kastner: Okay, where's your pain.
Sydney Kent: My lower back.
Sydney Kent: I had a spinal stenosis to
Sydney Kent: Generating this and
Sydney Kent: degenerative joint search
Mary Kastner: One out
Sydney Kent: Yeah, and I'm still young, for that.
Mary Kastner: Yes, you are.
Sydney Kent: Let's say, well, whether it's
Sydney Kent: Definitely it clears up
Mary Kastner: What's your pain number right now 10 being the worst pain you've ever had.
Sydney Kent: Her like a fire.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any I'm
Mary Kastner: Obsessive Compulsive kind of things where you just can't get a thought out of your head. It keeps coming in.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. What do you do about that.
Sydney Kent: Sometimes it's
Sydney Kent: I guess I try to make a joke out of it. I mean, that sounds kind of
Sydney Kent: Mm hmm.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: It's helped. What do you care to tell me, is it the same thought
Mary Kastner: Or is it any any thought
Sydney Kent: I mean, it's usually when someone says something negative about me a district play in my mind what it is.
Mary Kastner: Usually when somebody says something that
Mary Kastner: What is the rest of what you said.
Sydney Kent: When they say something, I get it. Just
Mary Kastner: Negative. Okay.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, just replaced my mind.
Mary Kastner: So it's sort of like a negative thought about you.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, we'll play through your mind. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. How many hours of sleep. Do you think you're getting at night.
Sydney Kent: Seven to nine.
Mary Kastner: OK, so the obsessive thinking doesn't keep you awake at night.
Sydney Kent: Meditations.
Mary Kastner: Not with what
Sydney Kent: Not work the meditation.
Mary Kastner: So you're doing meditation.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. Good.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I'm doing that. I don't know if you've heard of that by neuro beats.
Mary Kastner: Know, say it again.
Mary Kastner: By neuro beats by neuro
Sydney Kent: Yeah, it's really helpful.
Mary Kastner: Is it
Mary Kastner: On the on the Internet.
Sydney Kent: Yes. You too.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I love it. Good for you.
Mary Kastner: So, um, do you ever have to order things in a Certain Way or walk a certain way or count in your head.
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Mary Kastner: No symptoms of
Mary Kastner: Compulsive Behavior, but some obsessional thoughts that are usually self denigrating
Mary Kastner: And you do have panic in it. I think you said
Mary Kastner: Every other week.
Mary Kastner: And you're in a relationship, it seems like it's supportive. She's trying to help you.
Mary Kastner: And you're trying to work on your argumentation with her. Are you on any other medication, besides the Suboxone
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I'm on level three Roxanne
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So you have a thyroid issue.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Sydney Kent: I'm not resolved.
Uh huh.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, promoting take it at night.
Mary Kastner: PEPs it
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah, you might want to check with your doctor. I think they asked people to quit taking that
Sydney Kent: Well, the doctor at the hospital prescribed it because I've been having my stomach issues.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. Um, again, check because this is very recent.
Mary Kastner: That they have us people not to take it.
Over
Mary Kastner: What other medication.
Sydney Kent: Gabba Patton.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Sydney Kent: Circle.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how much Seroquel
Mary Kastner: 300. Okay, and what else
Sydney Kent: Lamictal.
Mary Kastner: The matter what your dose on that.
Sydney Kent: To 25
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you good about taking the medications. Yeah. And are you on Wellbutrin
Sydney Kent: Oh, yeah, yeah. I will be June as well.
Mary Kastner: And what's the dose on that.
Mary Kastner: 150 XR
Sydney Kent: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any in any other medicines.
Mary Kastner: Anything over the counter.
Sydney Kent: Um, yeah, I take a
Sydney Kent: Senior
Be complex
Sydney Kent: And
Mary Kastner: It's called what
Mary Kastner: Be complex. Okay.
Sydney Kent: And then I take some some time to take melatonin.
Sydney Kent: Okay, that's, that's it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any side effects from your medication.
Sydney Kent: Not that. No, there's no
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you said you pretty good about taking all
Mary Kastner: Do you know what your diagnosis is for taking these medicines.
Sydney Kent: Others had bipolar and PTSD.
Mary Kastner: And anxiety. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And bipolar.
Mary Kastner: You ever been psychotic
Sydney Kent: Define psychotic
Mary Kastner: See things hear things feel the TV has special messages, people can read your mind extremely paranoid.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, it was two years ago.
Mary Kastner: Two years ago, what happened in
Sydney Kent: Um, they changed my
Sydney Kent: Medicine, they having on something, it was
Sydney Kent: I don't remember what it was called, but it didn't work and me put me on the mental again it and there is an incentive and fine.
Mary Kastner: Okay so uh
Mary Kastner: What symptoms were you having that they gave you a bipolar disorder diagnosis.
Sydney Kent: Um, I was out like fit age 15 which is weird because I would, I would have very low lows and I get very manic
Mm hmm.
Sydney Kent: And I would
Be
Sydney Kent: hospitalized for my bipolar disorder on
Sydney Kent: Its
Mary Kastner: How many times to the hospital as you
Sydney Kent: guys see me for five
Mary Kastner: Wow.
Mary Kastner: Well, until last one.
Sydney Kent: Month ago. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And that was after you walk in front of the car. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: And are you on any Klonopin out of an Xanax
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so just talking a little bit to the person getting my transcription here. This is Sydney can't
Mary Kastner: This is her second appointment. The first was a no show she forgot about it. She's referred from Dr. Jamison for a psych eval.
Mary Kastner: She's in a relationship.
Mary Kastner: And she had had an argument and has had a history of kind of impulsive behavior, but about a month ago walked in front of a car in traffic we physically hurt. No. Okay. Um, she has history of panic about every other week.
Mary Kastner: She's been impulsive she feels like kind of continuously
Mary Kastner: She
Mary Kastner: Has had legal problems from this for forgery and driving too fast. She's now getting off of her
Mary Kastner: Her
Mary Kastner: What
Mary Kastner: How much sick. How many cigarettes. Do you think you were smoking maybe
Sydney Kent: Today,
Mary Kastner: About a half PACK A DAY YOU by using they being pretty much continuously. She's on a six milligram nicotine.
Mary Kastner: Cartridge and she hopes to lower that her mood today is three out of 10 anxiety zero. She says her sleeps pretty good seven to nine hours now that she's not having night terrors. She has a history of trauma predominantly sexual she was in an
Mary Kastner: Abusive Relationship um
Sydney Kent: Me.
Mary Kastner: chief complaint with she has good days.
Mary Kastner: And then she can get very emotional.
Mary Kastner: She's been hospitalized four to five times asked was a month ago after the walking front of a car.
Mary Kastner: And two years ago she when they changed her medication.
Mary Kastner: She can sleep well by using
Something called
Mary Kastner: Beats
Sydney Kent: By
Mary Kastner: By neural beats beats a YouTube program. She's on the medications Mitchell to 25 Gabba Penton 800. I think that's twice a day.
Sydney Kent: It's three times a day.
Mary Kastner: Three times a day Wellbutrin hundred and 50
Mary Kastner: XR
Mary Kastner: Seroquel 300
Mary Kastner: Legal fireworks on file a sex.
Mary Kastner: Um, she denies any symptoms of compulsive behavior. Do you have any time when you've lost weight that you weren't intending to lose.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever purged or
Mary Kastner: binge eat.
Mary Kastner: Nor restricted yourself for meeting.
Sydney Kent: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay, no symptoms or video. What's your current weight.
Sydney Kent: Loss. It was a
Sydney Kent: It was 130 190
Sydney Kent: Hundred 90
Mary Kastner: And how tall are you, 5656 okay
Mary Kastner: Are you working
Sydney Kent: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so are you unemployed or you just
Mary Kastner: laid off or
Mary Kastner: DON'T INTEND TO WORK OR
What
Sydney Kent: I want to implement at the moment when this whole virus thing goes down. I'm gonna
Sydney Kent: Probably
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: What kind of work do you do
Sydney Kent: Um, I usually work in restaurants. I know that.
Mary Kastner: OK.
Sydney Kent: OK.
Mary Kastner: OK, and the other medication. I forgot to say is, you're on to eight to Suboxone films twice a day.
Mary Kastner: So I'm Sydney was
Mary Kastner: Almost on time she's a
Mary Kastner: There's a lot of movement, but you are sitting down.
Mary Kastner: Occasionally I get pretty good eye contact. Seems your beautifully well groomed, you get into the shower yourself and can independently, get yourself ready for the day. Correct.
Sydney Kent: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Do you know the today's date.
Sydney Kent: Oh, the six
Good.
Mary Kastner: How would you think your memory is
Sydney Kent: Not good.
Mary Kastner: Not good. She complains having difficulty with memory. How about focus and concentration
Mary Kastner: So yeah, hard to read a book, hard to
Mary Kastner: Focus on a movie.
Mary Kastner: Can you can you watch the movie through to the end.
Sydney Kent: Sometimes, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Sometimes okay I'm here mood is
Mary Kastner: Just slightly minimally depressed today she's having a good day.
Mary Kastner: You appeared stated age well groomed normal habit speech rate and volume coherent normal thought process appropriate for age and development normal content logical non tangential no hallucinations, delusions or delusions noted
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Insert self reflection around today's issues noted is adequate any physical problems today.
Sydney Kent: Mm hmm. Yeah. Right back closer
Mary Kastner: Back pain, but no.
Mary Kastner: trouble swallowing breathing nose runny nose. Okay, so I would go ahead and
Mary Kastner: Continue the diagnosis of
Mary Kastner: Bipolar mixed disorder.
Mary Kastner: opioid use disorder, panic disorder and PTSD and I would. I wouldn't change in your medicine, you're doing well on them.
Mary Kastner: You're very much aware that
Mary Kastner: If you skip a dose of Lamictal.
Mary Kastner: You have to start all over again.
Mary Kastner: Oh,
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So do not
Mary Kastner: Be religious about that one in particular. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And the reason why we're concerned about that.
Mary Kastner: Is something called Steven Johnson syndrome. Did they tell you about that.
Mary Kastner: No, it's a skin rash. It almost looks like chickenpox.
Mary Kastner: Not typically trunk all the chicken pox typically starts a new trunk. But this is more
Mary Kastner: Extremities and and can be internal and if its internal rash internal can be lethal.
Mary Kastner: So you don't want to be
Mary Kastner: fooling around with not remembering that dose.
Mary Kastner: And I don't know about you, with when I'm on a lot of medicines.
Mary Kastner: I like to
Mary Kastner: Get a pill box, you know, with the names
Mary Kastner: And then I
Mary Kastner: Well, in fact, your I am with mine for today and I haven't even taken them yet. But, um,
Mary Kastner: You know it. That way you can go back and look and see if you took them.
Sydney Kent: But don't
Mary Kastner: Be like me and poor mountain bring them with you and then you go back and look and it says you took them, but they're sitting right here.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, be really religious about it.
Sydney Kent: I have two boxes or yeah one for the morning or the night
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then have a talk to you about
Mary Kastner: Dr.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I would recommend that as a treatment and along with your medications.
Mary Kastner: I imagine you're going to dr jamison's group.
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You are also welcome to come to a mental health.
Sydney Kent: Group with
Mary Kastner: Me, I don't know, it may be overkill.
Mary Kastner: But think about it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, okay. So do you need refills on any your medication, who's filling your medicine for you.
Sydney Kent: I love your Jameson is on our
Sydney Kent: I knew I refill on my gathered pen. I haven't
Sydney Kent: Okay, let me filter in a while.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you can ask her if she feels like she wants me to do the refilling
Mary Kastner: I'll be glad to.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm more comfortable, probably with these medicines what pharmacy do use
Sydney Kent: I use Walgreens.
Mary Kastner: And what's the
Mary Kastner: What's the zip code.
Sydney Kent: 9393619
Sydney Kent: And
Sydney Kent: While being does 1790717901 shot S. H. A. W.
Mary Kastner: And what was the zip code again 9361919 ok so I'll refill your gab opinion, you'll find out from her if she wants me to fill
Mary Kastner: The segments.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and I'll be glad to do that. Okay, you're doing well, keep it up and
Mary Kastner: Like I said, you can come into my mental health group. It's seven o'clock on Mondays.
Sydney Kent: So don't worry
Mary Kastner: Nope. PM.
Sydney Kent: OK. OK.
Sydney Kent: I should probably do that.
Mary Kastner: You check in at different decks at 645 they'll give
Mary Kastner: room number
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. Okey dokey. Nice to meet you.
Mary Kastner: You know you're on the right track.
Mary Kastner: And I'm tickled that you're going to start lowering the babying because at least the nicotine, you know,
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Because it's serious this is serious business.
Mary Kastner: Actually, that's what's going to kill you, not the opioid net interesting that addiction is actually more moderate though.
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay near
Sydney Kent: Tara
Sydney Kent: Thank you so much.
Sydney Kent: Bye Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Charles
Mary Kastner: Hi.
Mary Kastner: I'm good. Can you put your video on
charles clark: My videos on right now. I think
Mary Kastner: If you look down at the bottom, there's a video like a movie camera, you have to click on that and then I can see you.
charles clark: Okay, hang on just one second, let me figure that out.
charles clark: Can you see me now.
Mary Kastner: I see a bunch of umbrellas.
Okay.
charles clark: Hang on a second. I am
charles clark: Hang on just a second. I
charles clark: Yeah, you know what, I don't
charles clark: See, I don't see a movie camera that that icon that
charles clark: Describe
Mary Kastner: And I'm talking about. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Well, let me just see if I
Mary Kastner: Can get somebody to help you.
Mary Kastner: In my camera, it is on the bottom left.
Mary Kastner: It's a microphone. And then there's a video camera.
charles clark: Yeah, I see a blue box with like, it looks like a camera.
Mary Kastner: Okay try clicking on that.
charles clark: Yeah. Well, there's two screens that pop up. There's like zoom cloud meetings in meeting.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I do see that yeah huh
charles clark: Huh.
Mary Kastner: Well, I would
Mary Kastner: Get the zoom one I would X out of that.
charles clark: The zoom one
Mary Kastner: So because you're already in
Mary Kastner: I'll just say join meeting.
charles clark: Join meeting, click on that. Okay.
charles clark: Okay, sure. Hang on just a second here.
charles clark: Well apparently I'm already joined it's asked
Mary Kastner: Me. Okay, well, then x out of that.
charles clark: Yeah, it's asked me for a second.
charles clark: Yeah, apparently I'm already joined that's it doesn't give me the option to join a meeting.
Mary Kastner: Okay, then just click out of that. Yeah, right there.
Mary Kastner: And then look at your other screen and you probably I'll see the video camera.
charles clark: Okay, let me just like, Oh, man.
Mary Kastner: So when you X out of that right there, close it.
Mary Kastner: Don't do anything with the leaf meaning or anything, just go up to the top here and close it.
Mary Kastner: No, not that one.
Mary Kastner: Or on your zoom screen.
charles clark: On the zoom stream.
charles clark: And
Mary Kastner: You see that little x. Okay.
charles clark: I don't want to leave the meeting. I just want to close the window. Is that what you're saying.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, close that window.
charles clark: Okay. And did that.
Haha
charles clark: Yeah, I'm not sure.
charles clark: How to set up the
Mary Kastner: The video. Somebody, somebody is gonna come into the room and help you in a minute. I just asked for. Ask for help.
charles clark: Oh well.
Mary Kastner: I know your face doesn't look like a bunch of them braless. No.
charles clark: Um, I just clicked on the button that says start video
Mary Kastner: Okay.
charles clark: Let me see.
Mary Kastner: That did it.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you got it.
charles clark: You got it. Can you see me now.
Mary Kastner: I can see you, but I don't know why all those umbrellas. Are there.
charles clark: That's the
charles clark: Background screen for Maya my laptop PC.
Mary Kastner: Oh, I see. Okay.
charles clark: I'm not sure how to make this I'm trying to make this box larger
charles clark: You know, because I see a
charles clark: Yeah, I see two boxes. Um, but it's like kind of like a small
charles clark: Box where I'm seeing the image of you.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I don't know how to get out of that either.
charles clark: Well, I'm sorry. Can we can we can we do the meeting like this. Yeah, we can. Yeah, we're gonna have to but
Mary Kastner: Next time, when you check in.
Mary Kastner: Asked them.
Mary Kastner: If
Mary Kastner: If they can assist you in getting up the proper
Mary Kastner: Video
charles clark: Yeah, well, I think I gotta figure it out. Now I just need to just try to enlarge the screen.
Mary Kastner: But I'm not sure how can you see me.
charles clark: Yeah, I see.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, because I can't see me. Usually, I can see me and not your computer.
Mary Kastner: Desktop.
Mary Kastner: That's what we need to get rid of is that computer desktop. Anyway, I can see you. So, um,
Mary Kastner: What we're going to do here.
Mary Kastner: I have a information here that you have, you were discharged, is that right on on
Mary Kastner: On October 31
Discharge
charles clark: Oh wait, I'm discharged. I haven't been discharged from any place.
charles clark: Recently, basically what was happening. I was I'm going to a a mental health clinic called conquered mental health and
charles clark: I had insurance that covered me there at the time, but what happened was there was there was a mix up with
charles clark: My medical insurance so that from then on, if I wanted to keep going there. I would have had to pay, whereas I didn't before. So, okay.
charles clark: So I switched. That's why I switched over to you guys basically
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then I have that we distract you, for some reason.
charles clark: This is the first meeting. I've ever had with
Mary Kastner: Right heart health.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, well, that's weird. Maybe I got the wrong one. Let me go back and see here
charles clark: I might have applied about that time for bright heart mental health, maybe I think I thought it was sometime after that, but I'm not sure.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So what is your birthday.
charles clark: July 31
Mary Kastner: Okay, I got the wrong person. There's
Mary Kastner: Gotta be careful because there's two Charles Clark's here.
charles clark: Oh, is that right
charles clark: Yep. Okay. No wonder we were a little mixed up, but
charles clark: Yeah, yeah. My birthday is July 31 73
Mary Kastner: Okay, got it.
Mary Kastner: So what can I do for you to do to do today.
charles clark: Well, you know, well, first of all, I'm just here for the first doctor's appointment and
charles clark: So, you know, feel free to ask me anything you want or you need to. However, there was one thing I was gonna ask. I was gonna see I I talked about this with somebody before the appointment, but I just wanted to ask you if you can order some refills on my medication.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
charles clark: I'm pretty low on that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you said you were going to Concord.
charles clark: Yeah, that that's the name of that clinic was conquered mental health, and it was in Concord, California.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. And you lost insurance or
charles clark: Well, it's, yeah. I mean, you could say that. I mean, cuz basically I had
charles clark: A medical before that time and medical was pretty much covering like all the, the costs and stuff and then
charles clark: What happened was, um, I, I got like an inheritance from a family member who passed away. And so, medical just at all. Okay, well, you know, you don't need medical anymore. You know, it's like took me off of it basically
Mary Kastner: OK, so now you're you're seeking assistance here. Okay.
charles clark: Exactly, yeah.
Mary Kastner: What pharmacy do go to
charles clark: A pharmacy. I go to his Walgreens, and it's on the corner of monument Boulevard and Oprah road.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what medicines, did you need
charles clark: Just one and that's risperidone two milligrams
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what was your diagnosis.
charles clark: Um, I mean, before I took the medication.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. What, why are you on that medicine.
charles clark: And it was because of like anxiety and, you know, mainly like anxiety and
Mary Kastner: Anxiety.
charles clark: Yeah, being being real hyper sweet. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how long have you been in respect all
charles clark: Long time now probably about
charles clark: Probably like good a 1920 years I think.
charles clark: Wow, I think it's about that time I think
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have any recent lab work.
charles clark: Um, I know the last time I got lab work was a last year I think 2019 in the beginning of last year, so
Mary Kastner: Yeah, if you want me to go. I'm gonna ask you to get some labs, like what
Mary Kastner: What lab, would you go to
charles clark: Um, well, I'm normally I just went down to the conquered mental health clinic because they give lab work down there, but I you know I got, I don't know. I don't know if I could still go there. I mean, if I did, I'm sure you know, they would say, You know, I had to
charles clark: Go through fill out some paperwork or maybe pay him to do it. I don't know. But if it's not there. I could go to
charles clark: Someplace like the County Regional Medical Center in Martina's
Mary Kastner: Okay. For labs. Okay.
charles clark: Yeah, I mean, if I go there with them. I mean, would there be any problems. I mean, are they going to tell me, like, oh, whoa, you know, apparently, you can't get it done here. You have to go somewhere else. I mean,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I asked my care coordinator, give you a call about that. I'm not certain myself.
Mary Kastner: With respect, all we need to do a lipid panel.
Mary Kastner: And do you have any side effects from the risk at all.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Have you tried anything else besides Risperdal for your anxiety.
charles clark: Before I tried before I got on risperidone I tried one other medication. It was, was it was I think it was called by proxy them.
charles clark: But there were too many side effects. So I only took it for like one day and I told him I needed something else.
Mary Kastner: What kind of side effect.
charles clark: A lot of just a, you know, I'm
charles clark: You know, just feeling really like
charles clark: Out of it you know with. I mean, like, you know, um, you know, my, my brain power with somewhere else is
Mary Kastner: Just too heavy for you.
charles clark: Okay. Yeah, exactly.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I know you're allergic to any medication.
charles clark: Just morphine, as far as I know.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And it just gives you fever, chills, vomiting, I see.
Mary Kastner: So was an intolerance.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever had any trouble with substances like a opiates or methamphetamine or cocaine or alcohol, marijuana
charles clark: I'm a long time ago, like
charles clark: A about up till 1996 I smoked a lot of pot and drank a little bit and experiment experimented with a couple other drugs. But, uh, I don't do that stuff now though.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And it looks like you said that you eat a lot of fast food. You don't think your diet is right.
charles clark: Yes, true. That's true. I do. I do eat out a lot. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And are you
Mary Kastner: Smoking
charles clark: I smoke. Yes, smoke cigarettes.
Mary Kastner: And how much
charles clark: I make a pack last about day and a half.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so tell me a little bit about you. Where were you born and raised.
charles clark: I was born in channel v. Texas and i i mean i lived out we lived in Texas. When I was like a infant. Basically, I don't remember much of Texas, but
charles clark: I was raised our grew up like antenna Cleveland Tennessee and considered bad home for a while and then
charles clark: When I was about 11 we moved to Louisiana Baton Rouge, Louisiana hated it out there first, because I didn't really know how to adapt, really, I just wasn't prepared for dealing with
charles clark: You know the realities out there and it just, you know, a lot of a lot of kids that just love to fight you know a lot of rednecks. A lot of people that just love to get into fights for nothing and
charles clark: Anyway, um, I stayed in Louisiana towns like about click like 15 or 16 and then I moved out to California and I pretty much been living out in California, since then.
charles clark: You know, done some geographics back to Louisiana and Tennessee and I consider California my home. I love it out here.
charles clark: And
charles clark: That's pretty much it. As far as like
charles clark: You know, growing up moving all over the place. And so if you know
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay. And do you have any. Where did you finish high school
charles clark: I finished high school Martinez Adult School in Martinez, California.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay.
Mary Kastner: Got a, like a GED or
charles clark: High School Diploma
Mary Kastner: I scored upon. Okay. And did you get any post high school training.
charles clark: Post High School. How do you mean
Mary Kastner: Uh huh, uh huh.
charles clark: I do you mean by
Mary Kastner: You go to school after high school
charles clark: Oh, okay. Um, I tried going to college, a few times, like a few places didn't work out. However,
charles clark: After some time in 98 1998 i i
charles clark: I went to Job Corps and got a certificate of completion in a basic can't basic communications and the transportation industry.
charles clark: So I have a little bit of vocational training.
Mary Kastner: Basic communications and transportation
Mary Kastner: Yes, and where have you work.
charles clark: The longest I've, I've worked in a number of jobs, but the longest job I've held down
charles clark: I was doing. I worked as a security officer.
charles clark: I started out working for Pinkerton security and what happened like shortly after I I was hired there.
charles clark: Probably about three months was they bought out another security company of them they merged with like two or three other security companies. So, you know, I was with the same company, the whole time. But they they changed the name of
charles clark: The company, basically, and
charles clark: I worked there for about three years and eight months.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what are you doing now for work.
charles clark: I'm not, I'm not working right now i'm i am i'm on SGI
Mary Kastner: And what well is what how. How did you happen to get on that.
charles clark: Well,
charles clark: After I left security. I tried holding down. I tried getting some other jobs, but I couldn't hold them down and it's like nothing was working out. So my family suggested that I go on to SSD I so I would have some type of
charles clark: Like a steady income.
Mary Kastner: What kept you from holding down a job.
charles clark: I don't know exactly. I'm not sure it was just i a lot of the jobs, I was getting were like minute were entry level jobs and, you know,
charles clark: I don't know. I guess I just wasn't ready to hold them hold them out. And then there was like a lot of mainly there was a number of like managers that would just go on power trips and I just didn't want to put up with it. So, you know, I just said, you know, screw this and quit basically
Mary Kastner: Did you ever have any behavior problems on the job that cost you to leave or
charles clark: Well, some of them. Yeah, but not all. I mean, just a few
Mary Kastner: Like, like what
charles clark: Well, I mean,
charles clark: Yeah, it's like, um,
charles clark: You know the jobs after security.
charles clark: secur tosses the name of the security company I work for three years and eight months but
charles clark: The jobs after security. Plus, I didn't really have too many problems, but there was one I worked at
charles clark: Before I'm
charles clark: A 19 1996 and it was just, it was there was a job that Wendy's. You know, like a fast food joint and
charles clark: You know, I just told the boss. I hate, I just told the boss. I said, Hey, I didn't think this job. I don't think it's jobs for me. So, you know, I'm resigning you know what
charles clark: And the guy just gotta man up to you. So he was shoving me, you know, in the back. While I was walking away so I grabbed him by his shirt bathroom in the fry rack, you know, and that's powerful last behavior problem that I can remember, you know,
Mary Kastner: Where the
Mary Kastner: charges filed
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Have you ever had any legal issues.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Okey dokey. Um, it's just so hard to get SSD. I just kind of wondered how you, how you qualified and you know what
charles clark: I worked with a
charles clark: Somebody that assist people and going on to
charles clark: Uh huh. And she she she helped me apply and
charles clark: I you know I got on it. Okay, so it wasn't that hard.
Mary Kastner: It was it here in California.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You don't remember the name of who you worked with. Do you
charles clark: Know what yeah
Mary Kastner: I just think it might help other people because
Mary Kastner: It's very hard to get on SST I
Mary Kastner: Usually have to have a certain medical diagnosis to do that.
charles clark: Do you
Mary Kastner: Do you know if they gave you one.
charles clark: I'm not that I can remember off top of my head.
Mary Kastner: So typically you don't have this kind of behavior where you would put hands on somebody because they were being a jerk.
charles clark: Well, I mean,
charles clark: No, not, not today, but I mean it was just like
charles clark: You know, back then it was like
charles clark: You know, the way I look at it, it was like the manager was on the wrong and not really
Mary Kastner: Me. Yeah.
charles clark: I mean, maybe I mean I resigned. True, but I mean, he didn't need to start, you know, pushing me around, you know,
Mary Kastner: And he actually put hands on you first.
charles clark: Yeah, exactly. So
Mary Kastner: Okay, so what is the diagnosis stated that they gave you for the Risperdal
charles clark: Uh, yeah. Again, it was like you know just due to anxiety and I think it was like high blood pressure. Those two things, you know,
charles clark: I mean the risperidone basically, you know, I took it because I started taking it because it helps it helps keep me. Come on, you know, and I had like some, some, you know, hard times, staying calm before I started taking it, you know, that sort of thing.
Mary Kastner: So what would you do
charles clark: Well, you know, I would just get real hyper real excited. It
charles clark: You know, just felt like anxiety and
charles clark: I didn't really do anything wrong. Exactly, or crazy. Um, I don't know, it was just the way I felt, you know,
charles clark: You know,
charles clark: It was. Yeah, it was suggested by
charles clark: Some of my family that I that I look
charles clark: To, you know, take medications to help me.
Mary Kastner: Okay, do they do you have anybody in your family with any psychiatric illness.
charles clark: Um, well, I mean my my my roommate who I live with my stepfather.
charles clark: He attends group therapy.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. Oh, you live with your stepfather now.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. Have you ever married
charles clark: No. No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any children.
charles clark: No.
charles clark: Not gonna more of
Mary Kastner: And you get along. Okay, with your stepfather.
charles clark: Yeah, we get along. Good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good. So, um,
Mary Kastner: If you didn't have the respite respite, or how do you think your behavior would be
charles clark: I think if I didn't have a now i'd be slightly depressed.
charles clark: And
charles clark: I would go through withdrawal symptoms. I'm sure like detox symptoms, you know, if I just straight, you know, quit the medication.
charles clark: But I think I would be okay. I don't think I would lose my mind or anything. Okay.
Mary Kastner: If you do you ever see things or hear things
charles clark: Know,
Mary Kastner: Ever feel like people are out to get you.
Mary Kastner: Know TV has special messages or people can read your mind.
Mary Kastner: No, okay. No psychotic symptoms. This is an anti psychotic medication or major tranquilizer.
Mary Kastner: Respect all
Mary Kastner: Do you get trouble getting to sleep staying asleep or waking too early.
charles clark: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what's your mood like today, are you depressed.
charles clark: Know my through good I actually
Mary Kastner: Okay, any anxiety today.
charles clark: No, not really.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and no side effects to the risk at all.
charles clark: No number where
Mary Kastner: Do you ever have thoughts come into your head that you you know that are uninvited you just wish they weren't there.
charles clark: Um,
charles clark: No, not really. I mean, sometimes, sometimes I feel guilty for like
charles clark: The way I behaved in the past, sometimes or, you know, like some things I've done wrong and stuff, you know,
charles clark: Like that. I mean, sometimes. Sometimes those thoughts will come up on me and I'll feel really bad or guilty about them, you know, and then I'll just meditate, a little bit and say, well, you know what, you're not doing that sort of thing now.
charles clark: So, you know, just like let it go. Or, you know, I, you know, the kind of like commune with God or, you know, and just, you know, or just pray, you know, that kind of thing. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So. So when would you have to do that.
charles clark: Well, I mean, it's just like, I mean it. I mean it happens like you know
charles clark: I don't know, like maybe like once or once out of the week or something, you know, or twice, sometimes
Mary Kastner: What happens
charles clark: Well, not really. I mean, I just meditate and then I, you know, after I meditate. You all just go on doing something to keep me busy or active, you know, read or
Mary Kastner: Something that causes you to
charles clark: to meditate.
charles clark: On i i not
charles clark: Well, I mean, I, yeah, I don't know, there's something that causes. I mean, it's something I do a lot of
charles clark: You okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: So spirituality that here.
Mary Kastner: So well scribe me. Uh huh.
charles clark: Yeah. Well, I mean, I don't know, I just consider meditation like
charles clark: Deep Thought you know and
charles clark: It helps
charles clark: It helps me a lot because you know I like, I like to think things through. I don't like to just may
charles clark: spur of the moment decisions or, you know, act on instincts.
Mary Kastner: You know, I mean,
charles clark: I mean, I can do that. You know when it's required but I prefer whenever possible to think ahead and think things through, you know,
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So you don't make impulsive decisions or behavior. Behavior impulsively.
charles clark: No, I don't.
charles clark: Know,
charles clark: I usually when I was a kid, you know, but
charles clark: I don't do that stuff now.
Mary Kastner: So, um, there are no thoughts that are intruding on your mind that you just soon not have
charles clark: No.
Mary Kastner: You can't get rid of. Okay, so no symptoms of OCD.
Mary Kastner: Psychosis mood disorder, other than
Mary Kastner: I wouldn't even call it major anxiety. A low grade anxiety for which you're taking a major tranquilizer.
Mary Kastner: Know vacillation and mood, where you are excessively happy and then you're really depressed.
charles clark: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Ever had suicidal thoughts.
Mary Kastner: No, okay, ever make a suicide attempt.
charles clark: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And there's no one in your family with mental illness.
charles clark: No, I mean no other than my stepfather. That's pretty much
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. And as far as your own physical health. Have you ever had head trauma.
charles clark: No, I mean, unless you can't like headaches. But, no, no.
charles clark: No head no serious brain damage or nothing.
Mary Kastner: no loss of consciousness seizures.
charles clark: No.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Any trouble with your vision or your hearing.
charles clark: Know,
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your sinuses your nose. Your mouth teeth gums your throat swallowing.
charles clark: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with heart problems, you said you might have hypertension.
charles clark: Um, no, I don't have any heart problems, no.
Mary Kastner: But you said your blood pressure will go up if you're really anxious
charles clark: Well,
charles clark: I mean, it did by, you know, like probably
charles clark: But that's, like, you know, say, a good bike 20
charles clark: Years ago or so that's when it started to do that.
Mary Kastner: I mean, okay.
charles clark: No.
Mary Kastner: No, no you travel with your breathing frequent pneumonias bronchitis.
Mary Kastner: Level with your stomach.
Mary Kastner: Any heartburn ulcers hepatitis GERD.
Know,
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your urinary system kidneys.
Mary Kastner: Know infections like STDs HIV, tuberculosis, hepatitis.
Mary Kastner: Know in trouble with your joints or muscles.
Know,
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your skin.
charles clark: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and no trouble. Do you have frequent headaches.
charles clark: No, no, not really. I mean, I get a headache, maybe once every two weeks.
Mary Kastner: And can you get rid of it easily.
charles clark: Oh yeah, I just
Mary Kastner: Okay.
charles clark: Might be most of the time it's not a problem. I'll tell you the times when I really feel it was like if I eat something that you know this that disagrees with my stomach, so to speak, that's when that's when I feel really ill. Okay.
charles clark: Like like eating the wrong combination of foods, you know, that kind of thing.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. Okay. Um, so do you have any particular thing you're afraid of new phobias.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay have you gained or lost weight recently.
charles clark: Um, no, not, not that I'm aware of.
Mary Kastner: And you feel like your diet isn't very good
charles clark: Well, I
charles clark: Mean, I'll put it this way. I mean, even though I eat out. I do.
charles clark: You know, eat a good combination of vegetables be bread, you know, and some dairy products. I mean you know i i know you know when you eat out. I mean, I know a lot of that food is like processed foods, but I still get a common good combination of vegetables and, you know,
Mary Kastner: Why can't read.
charles clark: Greek food groups I
charles clark: The one thing I don't eat a whole lot of his fruits. I'll put it that way. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have any trouble constipation.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. And how much do you weigh
charles clark: Last time I check. I think it was about like 207 roughly
Mary Kastner: And how tall are you,
charles clark: I have mine.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you, I'm having to get recertified for your SS di family or is it just carte blanche as far as you getting approval or how does that go
charles clark: I haven't had to get recertified for
charles clark: Quite a while for like the last three or four years, if not longer than that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you do have to occasionally get recertified
charles clark: Yeah, well, occasionally, they'll send me something in the mail, you know, they'll just asked me to, you know, fill out like a questionnaire form and then I send that back to them. And then, you know, they, we pretty much go from there. Basically,
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, okay. Have you ever had any surgeries.
No.
Mary Kastner: No, and I are you allergic to anything. You said morphine.
charles clark: Yeah, just as far as I know.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any medical problems right now. Um, runny nose, sore throat, headache, no. Okay super.
Mary Kastner: And so I'm a little unclear as to why you're on the risk at all. But if it working for you. I don't have any problems with refilling as long as you get your laps done
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and I will get those orders in and ask a care coordinator to please figure out how we're gonna we know what lab to go to
Mary Kastner: Okay, I don't know this net does medical get the allow you to go to quest.
charles clark: Yeah, I'm not sure where that's at. But if you have your care coordinator contact me, I can find out, and I can look it up and go there and get the lab work done. That's no problem.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
charles clark: Yeah, yeah. But if, if you were to the repo. For me, I'd appreciate it, because I'm I am getting a little bit level on the risperidone
charles clark: So that I can get the lab work done for you to, you know, that's no problem.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you take any vitamins.
charles clark: No.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, most people need at least vitamin D.
charles clark: I get I do get a lot of vitamin D, though, because I'm a drink. I drink a
charles clark: Good portion of milk. You know, and
Mary Kastner: Oh, good.
Mary Kastner: That's good. Are you out. Did you get any exercise.
charles clark: I get. I get some I get some walking around in every day.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I put in an order for this.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, okay. Um, and then I'll put in your order for your risk for doll. We do have a mental health group that you're welcome to attend at seven o'clock on Mondays. It was start next Monday you call in at 6:45pm and get your
Mary Kastner: room number as to as to where
Mary Kastner: What room number could get into
Mary Kastner: Okay, this
charles clark: This mental health. I mean, I tell you, truth. I mean, I, I, I wasn't expecting to make another meeting with a doctor right after this. I mean,
Mary Kastner: I know that's that's definitely
Mary Kastner: Optional
Um,
Mary Kastner: I would need to see you at least every three months on this medication.
charles clark: Oh yeah, yeah, that's
charles clark: No, no, I have no problem with that. It's just that's that's
Mary Kastner: My return patients. The way I see them.
Mary Kastner: Is is through the group.
charles clark: Okay, yeah, the frequency, the regularity. I saw
charles clark: Pretty much. I've seen every doctor was about once every three months because
charles clark: Yeah, I've never
charles clark: Really needed a group therapy.
Mary Kastner: Before. Yeah. And so when you call in for that appointment, just ask them to make one in that group.
Mary Kastner: And that's how we we see each other.
charles clark: Okay. So, so what do you mean you want me to call you back, are called
charles clark: Bright heart. But when you make that three month appointment, you would have
Mary Kastner: Asked to come into this 7pm group.
Mary Kastner: Asked
Mary Kastner: To come in when I am in there.
charles clark: Oh, OK.
charles clark: OK. OK, sure, yeah. Yeah, I'll
charles clark: Call call back in about three months from now, that's
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah.
charles clark: Okay, is that, is there anything
Mary Kastner: Else Nope that's it.
charles clark: Okay. Well, thank you for the
charles clark: Meeting and
Appreciate
Mary Kastner: Okay, take care.
charles clark: Thanks. Have a good day.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, so this is
Mary Kastner: I'm going to give him a diagnoses of
Mary Kastner: anxiety disorder not otherwise specified objective is to keep this sleep and mood stable feels a low suicide risk plan is continuous for don't two milligrams to NHS see every three months and labs up that I ordered our TSH CPC Kim seven and lipid panel vitamin D.
Mary Kastner: Is now status exam. He was a little late had some difficulty with the computer. He's functioning independent oriented no evidence that memory loss. Short or long term attention concentration did not appear COMPROMISE WHEN ethic.
Mary Kastner: You time it can full on pure state of age.
Mary Kastner: And obese.
Mary Kastner: Speed trading volume coherent normal
Mary Kastner: Process appropriate know whose nations are two solutions and say, and self reflection.
Mary Kastner: In the impression assessment, I would say be presented with the actually
Mary Kastner: A History of anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Know psychiatric review of symptoms, no evidence of eating disorder phobias through disorder psychotic disorder.
Mary Kastner: And basically, that's all I have to say.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: We see. Thank you.